00:00:01 Speaker 1
So this directory includes a data folder with various data files that were pulled from essentially a subset of supermarkets from a particular chain. I'm not sure exactly the supermarket or what area or what the inclusion exclusion criteria was, but ultimately I want to use this data to see if we can demonstrate a proof of concept approach for customer segmentation. What we really need to do with this is do some deep and careful exploratory data analysis to really understand the data, what we can get from it. I do believe there's transactions from about two thousand something households across various baskets over roughly a one year time frame.
00:00:58 Speaker 1
So I'm hoping that maybe we can use this to understand the different types of overarching behaviors that this consumer group is exhibiting, and see if we can come up with some meaningful way to cluster them into different groups. And let me tell you, the long-term goal here is to imagine that we were trying to come up with some type of advertising or maybe some kind of targeted couponing strategy for these different customer groups. So coming up with some type of really rich understanding of the various differentiators, how many clusters of customers should there be? What's the right number of clusters? What should be the dimensions that they're clustered on? And then using those to fall back into some type of recommendation, like for this particular group of customers, if we were to do some kind of targeted couponing, this is what might work.
00:01:56 Speaker 1
And why, maybe with things like certain types of product mix, or frequency, or whatever that is. So really trying to understand the data to do this. As outputs of this, what I want is a docx report that talks through the methodology, maybe includes some nice figures showing various parts of that exploratory data analysis that were relevant. And then some of the major takeaways. What I'd like is some type of HTML explorer. I don't know if you need to use some type of a web app. If you do, feel free to create a Pixie environment if you want to use Python for the analysis. If you want to use some type of a web app platform available in Python, or if you just want to use it as plain HTML, that's fine. But I do not really.
00:02:54 Speaker 1
I guess if you're using a Python web app type of tool, it's okay if it has a server. But if we can do it with HTML and it's standalone, the more the better. That'd be great. But we really want to make sure that it's good, dynamic, it's crisp, it's professional, it communicates clearly what we're doing. So let me talk through the vision that I have for this overall process. Again, the goal is to figure out a strategy that is well reasoned, justified and grounded in potential research. If we want to go up and look at some of the marketing or customer segmentation research, you should be able to use the crossref API. You can ask me. They have a so-called polite pool where, if we give them an email address, we can use that. So I'm happy to give you that. We'll go into plan mode. You can ask me some questions, and that'll be one of them. Just to see if we want to.
00:03:52 Speaker 1
Pull in any citations or any literature that would help motivate what we're doing. Overall, this is what I want to do: you do the exploratory data analysis, come up with maybe go out and do some web searches, do the literature search, and come up with some initial ideas of how that segmentation might work, and then get a good landed version one. This would be a good, well-reasoned way to do that. Then I want you to hand that thing over to two adversarial subagents. I want you to scope the subagents based on what you think the complexity of the task is. So you don't just have to use sole agents for everything. You can use Luna. You can do whatever you want to do, but just make sure that you scope the subagents appropriately. And I want you to really give it to them. Maybe looking at it from different views, like one of them is more looking at it from a methods perspective. Are the methods using justified?
00:04:46 Speaker 1
Versus, maybe the more statistical lens, and then another one, maybe looking at it from a marketing perspective. Their goal is to be skeptical, to try to push back and poke holes in the analysis you've done. What I expect both of them to do is to provide findings or potential issues with what you've done. In addition to just providing issues, they should also be providing some recommendations for ways you can shore up that gap. So again, you do your data analysis, your research, you build the version one, then you hand it over to those two adversarial subagents. Then you, as the main orchestrating agent, verify everything, and then you implement what you think is well reasoned, what's verified, what's truly issues, and then that completes version one.
00:05:45 Speaker 1
Creation. Then after that, I want you to go through a looping round of up to three passes. Let's just do up to three, where and I want this to be for both the document that's explaining the overall process and for whatever we choose to do with HTML or a web app. And for both of them, I want you to look at clarity. Look at all the images, all the visualizations that we use, and really make sure those things are clear. Actually, render those right. So we should have a browser available on this machine. So we've got Google Chrome, or if you have a Pixi environment, you can install some type of a tool that will allow you to actually view the HTML or the web app. Do that. Make sure the visuals are crisp, they're clear, they're showing what we want to do, that things react the way that we want them to react.
00:06:41 Speaker 1
And that all of the prose is clear and direct. I don't want mannered prose. I don't want jargon. Let's say what we want to say and let's say it directly. If we use abbreviations, let's make sure that we define those at the first use. So just come up with some various dimensions that you think would be indicative of quality and clarity for both that document and for whatever that dashboard viewer type of thing that we do is. And you're going to be using three subagents again. If you want to shift their personas, they're subtly different. That's fine. They should each evaluate across the dimensions that we say are important and assign a score from one to five, with five being the highest. Across those dimensions, they're going to report their scores for each one of those dimensions, as well as their findings, and then for each one of their findings, again a recommendation of how to fix it.
00:07:37 Speaker 1
And then again, you as the orchestrating agent, you are the judge of what should actually be implemented, what should be acted on, and you're going to make those changes, hand them back over to the agents, and that loop will proceed for up to three times. If we're still making really good headway, so if we're still having significant gains across those average scores across those agents, go ahead and just do a fourth round. We definitely want to see maybe some plateauing before we call it quits. Another thing I want you to do throughout this whole process is keep track of the agents you're using for various tasks. If you can track how long they spent on each one of the tasks, and then for that kind of improvement loop at the end, I want you to keep track of that score trajectory because when all is said and done.
00:08:35 Speaker 1
I want you to create an HTML file that shows the overall process overview. What type of agents did we use? How long did they take? What were the different tasks? When we got to that review loop, how many passes did we end up going through? I originally said a max of three, but maybe you say, hey, we're still getting significant gains, so we should keep going, and maybe we ended up doing five. Let's say a hard max of five. So let's do no more than five loops and show me that score trajectory. As we're thinking through this, let's say a max of five loops, or if that score is plateauing. Since we're doing this for the docx and the web app HTML, one of them might plateau before the other, and we can kill one of the loops earlier.
00:09:30 Speaker 1
That's it. Again, create a pixie environment. Put in there what you need. Be very careful. I know we're going to have our skeptic agents, but let's really make this thing polished and informative for a decision maker that hasn't touched this data can pick this up and look at it and get some insight. Let's go.