00:00:02 Speaker 1
So I'm interested in conducting a research project that investigates changes we've observed in posting behavior on a public platform since the advent and emergence of agentic AI tools. What I'm going to give you access to is a Parquet file, which essentially contains data aggregated by date and user. For each one of those combinations, it includes the number of posts we saw on a widely used online platform. What we're really trying to see is whether the emergence of agentic AI tools has led to significant changes in behaviors that we could ultimately contribute to.
00:00:57 Speaker 1
AI bots. As you can imagine, this is a platform that researchers use to study online phenomena that might exist in certain types of platforms, and understanding the emergence of such bot behavior is very important. What I want you to do is create a Pixie environment that would provide the tools useful for you to conduct this analysis. I want you to perform first some basic exploratory data analysis. Maybe look at a time series of how the total post volume has grown over time. I think the data starts roughly January of 2025, so this will be really before the widespread adoption that we saw of agentic tools like Claude Code or Codex. I think it'll be a good.
00:01:50 Speaker 1
Dataset for us to look at. So again, do some kind of exploratory time series analysis, basic kind of data quality checks. If you want to do some preliminary analysis on outlier behaviors with respect to certain accounts. Which these accounts you can't map them back to real accounts; they're just unique integers. But the integer ID will be consistent for the same account across days. So we need to be aware of that, so do some preliminary analysis there to get our footing about how the data, what's the overall trend that we're seeing. We might want to do some web search, some research to see if we can get some metrics or some stats on the emergence of agentic tools, when they started, when they were available, and if there are any stats on usage that we can use to correlate against this data as we go.
00:02:47 Speaker 1
So looking up those stats, getting a basic feeling, and then if we want to kind of go out and maybe do some literature search on what people have talked about, if anyone is talking about agentic AI and bot behavior, make sure that we understand what the literature is saying. I'm going to give you access to a Scopus credential that you can use, or actually you can let's just look up. I think Crossref has an API with a pool that we can provide, like an email address, to get in a polite pool where we can do some basic searching. So let's just rely on that instead of Scopus. So we'll go out and do that kind of preliminary analysis, and then we'll build that up.
00:03:39 Speaker 1
And then, if we can do, again, any type of association between what we're observing in the data and the emergence of these tools, any type of analyses that we can do to see if there was any type of significant changes that we can attribute back to those, the emergence and growth of these platforms. So I want you to do that as all this first step. Then when you're done, we'll go through and do an initial prototyping, getting everything together. You can almost think of it as a version one analysis. I do want you, as you're doing this, to start. In this case, I'm going to say let's export variables from the code so that we can import them into a LaTeX document. Let's just go ahead and get that set up. As we're writing code, if there's certain.
00:04:35 Speaker 1
Statistics or things that we want to keep track of. Let's go ahead and make the code where they'll write those out to variables that we can import into a LaTeX document. And let's go ahead and start building up a LaTeX document of our overall work as we go. Once we've got that initial version one of this preliminary analysis, I do want you to hand this over to two subagents. In this case, I want the two subagents to act as skeptics. You can slant personas or give personas to the various subagents so that they really are critiquing things from different angles, and really trying to be skeptical, disprove what we're saying. Just be really adversarial. And for each one of those subagents, what I want you to do is tell them that they're going to try to poke holes at this, and then anything that they find.
00:05:30 Speaker 1
Or whatnot, they're going to return those to you. So they're going to return their findings, in addition to suggestions of how you might shore up certain gaps. You, as the main orchestrating agent, need to verify the validity of all of those. Then implement any of those which you can verify and that are justified and that we should proceed with. One thing I do want you to be aware of throughout this process: whenever you're using subagents, make sure that you scope them to models that are suitable for the task. So you're going to be GPT Six Soul that is running this as the main orchestrator. If you want a Luna agent or other Soul agents, that's fine.
00:06:22 Speaker 1
But just make sure that you know you're considering the complexity of the task at hand. So once you've done that adversarial pass, you've got the feedback, you've gone through, verified, you've implemented any of those. Then I want you to make a polishing sweep through the document. I want this to be set up as a loop, so I want a loop with at most five passes going through. One thing I didn't say is when we're doing this original document, I want you to use visualizations. Make sure that you know if you're trying to communicate things, try to pick the most appropriate means to communicate. Be it a table, be it a figure, and then as we're doing this when we enter into this revision loop, basically that's where analysis is going to stop, and we're really going to be iterating to try to improve the clarity and polish of this document.
00:07:19 Speaker 1
What I want you to do during this improvement loop is to run up to five loops. Each one of those is going to get three subagents. Again, you can choose the complexity of those subagents however you want, and based on the complexity of the task. What I want them to do is figure out different personas. Maybe someone that's familiar with platform research, maybe someone that's more of a statistical lens. Or maybe someone that's thinking about the influence of bots or adversarial type of actors in an online social platform. Give them some different lenses and have them going through this document and really looking at it from a perspective of clarity. Are there any particular
00:08:10 Speaker 1
Gaps or phenomena for their particular fields that maybe need to be included. Really looking at that exposition, making sure it's clear, and things I really want to focus on. If we're using abbreviations, we need to define those at the first time they're used. We need to make sure we minimize any jargon or kind of mannered prose. Let's be very direct. Let's say what we want to say. Say it directly. No need to do this flowery prose around that. For every image that is generated, I want the individual images read, and I want us to look at things like the aesthetic appeal of that image. Does it look professional? Is it a compelling image? Is it clear? Do we have visual.
00:09:00 Speaker 1
Artifacts or things like that might be obscuring certain things or labels overlapping. So really looking at those for clarity, quality and aesthetic appeal, exposition, and then overall kind of alignment or understanding for people of different audiences. And you feel free to suggest any additional things that you think might be relevant and get me to approve those. We're going to enter a plan mode before we kick off any of this, so that'll be the time to ask those questions. In each round, I want us to have agreed upon some dimensions that they're going to evaluate on, and then each one of those agents are going to return scores between one to five, with five being the highest for each one of those dimensions. And then the total score of a round is going to be essentially like the
00:09:50 Speaker 1
The we can need to think of the sum or the average score across all dimensions for the agents. However, we want to do that, but we need to have some objective score that is capturing all of those different components. So each one of the agents are going to return those scores. They're also going to return their findings, and then they're also going to return suggestions to address any issues that they found. So the way the loop will work is right. We hand it off and draft to these agents. They go through. They provide scores and feedback and recommendations. You verify again. The main orchestrator agent will do the verification. You figure out, verify what can be fixed, what should be fixed, and then you're going to hand that back off to the agents again for the subsequent rounds of reviews. And you're going to continue this for a maximum of five loops, or if we had two consecutive loop iterations where the score does not change. Now I want this to run autonomously.
00:10:49 Speaker 1
So I want you to think through this whole process at the beginning. I'm going to enter into plan mode. You can ask me any clarifying questions you have at that point, and then from there on, I want this to be autonomous running. I do want you to keep track throughout this entire process of the various steps involved in the process, the types of agents that you used, and if possible, how much time each one of our agents or various subagents used on their particular task. That includes the initial drafting and research, all the way through the revision loop. Because at the end of this, what I want you to do is compile a comprehensive, complete HTML report that gives me an overview end to end of the effort that went into this process. So the agents that were used at various stages, how long they took.
00:11:43 Speaker 1
And then, when you're kind of in that loop, that improvement loop, I want you to kind of, in addition to talking through those things, also show me some type of a visualization of how that score progressed throughout that loop. Create a pixi environment in the directory with any packages you need. Let's go.
